In a land where national and religious hostilities have divided people for decades, a striking
display of multinational unity unfolded in Tel Aviv, Israel last summer.
A unique group of Israelis and Palestinians came together, along with hundreds from other
countries around the world, for a special convention of Jehovah's Witnesses.
With delegates from both Israel and the Palestinian territory, as well as the United States,
Italy and Greece, this convention had to be presented on four different stages and
in five languages simultaneously.
Every talk and demonstration was presented in Hebrew, English, Russian, Arabic and Israeli
sign language.
This allowed the nearly 4,000 in attendance to learn, worship and sing together, all while
enjoying the program in their own language.
Hebrew-speaking delegates were particularly excited when, on the very first day of the
convention, Stephen Lett, a member of the governing body, announced the release of the New World
Translation of the Christian Greek Scriptures in Hebrew.
Brother Lett took advantage of the time available during each afternoon's lunch period to give
a special talk of encouragement to each of the language groups attending the convention.
As this convention grew to a close, it was clear to all those in attendance that the love
among Jehovah's people transcends national and ethnic boundaries and even transcends language
itself.
It left every delegate with a deeper appreciation of the love and unity that bonds all of Jehovah's
people together around the world.